8 years later
Team Na, you were so excited to see us in the car
Crying and hugging
Did we sacrifice long ago?
Yes!
Will Shield
Where did you learn to flash from?
This one.
Maybe it's because of my ability to travel through time
What will it be like eight years later?
Doomsday human extinction
Not a shield
Why the end?
All because of the Sakura Organization
We must destroy them
Otherwise, after 8 years
Humans will cease to exist
But the most important thing now is
Make hemorrhage first
Didn't you say we had developed a serum?
How can it end?
At that time, you were making hemorrhage.
But it's too late
So now we have to make it as soon as possible
Then can you tell us?
Something about mutants?
In this way, my favorite research party
It will also be more accurate
I only know that mutants are through blood
Food and seafood transmission